Create a derived neural network to detect whether a given point (x,y) satisfies x*x + y*y > R were R is in [.8,1.2], x,y are both in [-1.5,1.5], and ">" may be any one of ">", "<", ">=", "<=".

There are two inputs to the script.  The second is an equation of the form above.  The first argument is the filename of a weights file that implements a squaring network.  The weights file has the weights, line by line, that specify a NN.  There will be two inputs to the squaring network (the number to be squared and the bias), and one output.  There may be lines in the weights file that contain no numbers, and these lines should be ignored since they serve as comment lines.

The submitted script should output a NN (meaning that it should output a 'Layer counts:' keyword followed by the layer counts, followed by line by line weights corresponding to the layer counts, according to the architecture of the prior labs (NNFF & NNBP1-2).

The output neural network should be derived from the squaring network, meaning that all the internal nodes of the squaring network will be duplicated and there will be no cross-talk (cross weighting) between the two internal squaring networks.  The two internal squarers should be tied together with a single hidden cell in the final layer of the composite network.  Thus the composite network has 3 inputs (x, y, bias) and a single output.

The grader will test to determine that the composite network is derived from the original squaring network.  The grader will generate a unique squaring network on each test and may take up to 30 seconds to do so.  Good solutions to NNBP2 will not work for this lab since they are not derived from the squaring network presented to the submitted script.  There are 20 points (milestones) that the grader checks for and the score reflects how many milestones passed.  Milestones include ensuring that the output architecture (layer counts) is correct, and the the number of 0s in each layer of weights is correct.  Three tests are run (which is where the second argument comes into play): one for x*x+y*y>1, one where the radius is not 1, and one where the inequality is flipped.
